GLADIS B. SOTELO
EVERETT, WA. 916-969-2840 e-mail: [gladis.sotelo@gmail.com]

SKILLS
Excel, Word, Excel, Outlook, Online calendars, Publisher, PowerPoint, Quickbooks. Job Cost accounting knowledge, Project budgeting and reporting, project management, public relations, public speaking, project scheduling.

INTERPERSONAL SKILLS
Great listener, positive, work well under pressure, work well with others, reliable, open to feedback, willing to learn, moldable, and teachable.

Languages
Spanish/English-High fluency in speaking, writing and reading.

EXPERIENCE
Assistant Accounting Supervisor
ASSEMBLIES OF GOD DISTRICT-Sacramento CA
Apr 2017-Dec 2020
Non-profit accounting. Inter fund Accounting journal entries and reconciliation. Work all the accounts payable including restricted accounts. Monthly credit cards and bank reconciliations. General journal entries and adjusting journal entries as needed. Assist Accounting Administrator with end of month and end of year reports and budgets.

Office Manager/Full Charge Bookkeeper
FULL BORE INC -Everett WA
Jan 2015-Feb 2017
Accounting: Full cycle payroll, time sheets, balance sheet, profit and loss reports, prepare job costing reports, bank reconciliation, chart of accounts maintenance, item list maintenance, and maintaining the register as needed. Client invoicing, collections and billing.
Office: Job scheduling, overseeing commercial projects, employee relations, client relations, and new personnel on boarding training.

Business Administrator
SYSTEMATIC BUILDING (Self employment)
August 2013- Dec 2014
During this time, we began a small construction business. My responsibility was the business side of the projects while my husband directed the onsite operations. Some of my duties included filing and registering permits with the state and county, invoicing customers, contacting prospective clients, keeping a schedule of the current projects, preparing budgets and job costing reports.

Office Manager/Full charge Bookkeeper
CARPENTERS UNION LOCAL 816- Renton WA
Jul 2011-Jul 2013
Manage a 200 member carpenters local union. Office: Collect union due from members, give information and be available to assist any carpenters with questions regarding dues and insurance, oversee the office accounting and full cycle payroll, and supply any office needs. Accounting: Bank reconciliation, general ledger, bank deposits, prepare monthly and quarterly reports, and update the chart of accounts as needed.

EDUCATION
2009 – 2012 BS ACCOUNTING Central Washington University
